---
layout: essay
type: essay
published: true
title: My CS Path 
date 2021-10-09
labels:
  - Learning
  - RadGrad
---

What I learned about computer science while checking out RadGrad was that there are so many 
paths that you can take with a computerscience degree. I saw coding languages that I previously 
have never heard of like R for example, so that got my attention. It made me realize that I should
be think a lot more about what I want to do with computer science and what field of computer science 
I want to be in. As l looked through the contents, I was most interested in software developing and
web design. There were many activities outside of school that I could doto help me through my computer
science path.

As I got to the interests, career goals, courses, and opportunities sections, it took a while for 
me to select which ones I was interested in because I never really thought that much about it. 
To behonest as I was looking through the options, there were some that I felt like I should've 
tried out or done. I never went ahead to check what kind of ICS 400+ classes there were and by using 
RadGrad I got to see classes that I am intereseted in like ICS 414 which is software engineering II 
and ICS 415 which is intro to web programming. There were a lot of options to choose, but I mainly 
chose the ones that were related to software developer and web designbecause I am most interested 
in those fields. 

RadGrad is a cool way of exploring new possibilites in computer science that I have never thought 
of. When I first looked at the contents of the website, I was very overwhelmed with everything that 
it had. It opened up many paths and gave me a ton of options to choose for a career. I believe that 
it will help me have a better degree experience because I was only set on doing what was on
stargps, but I realized now that there is so much more that I can do and experience going foward to 
work towards a degree in computer science.
